Feature: add badges for the current version and CI status (#587)
stellar/java-stellar-anchor-sdk: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release_a_new_version.md

- [ ] Cut a branch for the new release out of the `develop` branch, following the gitflow naming pattern `release/0.1.0`.
- [ ] Update the code to use this version number.
- [ ] Update the [CHANGELOG.md] file with the new version number and release notes.

> - [ ] Update the badges version in the [README.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update the badge versions in the [docs/00 - Stellar Anchor Platform.md].
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/stellar/java-stellar-anchor-sdk/pull/587/commits/145381598915796fc8515f59496ab1a09705e6b8.
